# vim-pad

A quick-notetaking plugin for vim.

## Usage

`:OpenPad` (`<Shift><Escape>`) creates a new note.

`:ListPads` (`<Control><Escape>`) lists the notes.

`:SearchPad` (`<Control>|` [`|` is the key above `<Tab>`]) performs a search
between the notes. If only one note matches, it is opened.

When in the lists of `:ListPads` or `:SearchPad`, you can open a note pressing
`<Enter>` and delete it using `<Del>`. `<Escape>` closes the buffer.

When in a note, `<leader><Del>` will delete it.

The command maps are available both in normal and insert mode.

## Configuration

IMPORTANT: set the `g:pad_dir` variable in your .vimrc, to indicate where the
notes must be saved. The default is:

    let g:pad_dir = "~/notes/"

The default format for new notes is `markdown`. To change this to the
`pandoc` format, for example, put

    lef g:pad_format = "pandoc"

in your `.vimrc`. You can also set the individual format of a note by turning
the first line in the note into a modeline. For example,

	<!-- vim: set ft=vo_base: -->

at the beggining of a file will tell vim to open the file as a VimOutliner
file. The modeline won't be shown in the list view.

The height of the split windows this plugin uses can be set with
`g:pad_window_height`.

vim-pad can search using either `grep` or `ack` (ack is the default). You can
set this using the `g:pad_search_backend` variable. By default, the search
ignores case (adjust `g:pad_search_ignore_case` as desired). Also, by default 
the search will show only the first matching line in a file. You can disable this
by setting `g:pad_search_show_only_first` to 0. The search term will be
highlighted if `g:pad_search_highlight` is set to 1 (the default is not to
highlight the term).
